Kostadis Roussos: It was a heartbreaker, man. We tied with, like, 5 minutes to go and lose in overtime on a shitty goal.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you guys think?
Thomas Kolivakis: It's an Oculos.
Thomas Kolivakis: We'll take it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let's We'll take it, split.
Kostadis Roussos: On the road, can't complain.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, let's see, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see…
Kostadis Roussos: I go, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, and it thinks it's, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, then transcribers, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: Can I connect to Roll20?
Nicholas Roussos: Yes, it is exactly right.
Nicholas Roussos: Can you move forward.
Nicholas Roussos: Where's mine?
Nicholas Roussos: Replace number for you.
Nicholas Roussos: What's not…
Nicholas Roussos: There's okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Did you guys say… did you guys say anything?
Thomas Kolivakis: Nope.
Nicholas Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: My audio got confused.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Pardon.
Nicholas Roussos: pushing her.
Nicholas Roussos: Yes, ma'am.
Nicholas Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you guys hear me?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep. Yup.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: My audio got confused, and I hate when that happens.
Nicholas Roussos: Hold on, fellas.
Nicholas Roussos: It's obvious.
Nicholas Roussos: Nor actually will deal with.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, the Russian that you're hearing behind.
Kostadis Roussos: is not, the Russian spy… is not a Russian spy monitoring our conversation, it's Natasha and her father.
Kostadis Roussos: Just in case you're wondering.
Kostadis Roussos: I want to assure you.
Kostadis Roussos: Sure. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just read the summary.
Kostadis Roussos: Chapter 26, Attrition.
Kostadis Roussos: Things were not going well for the party as they made their way through the temple, stepping over looted bodies while goblins crammed past them.
Kostadis Roussos: Farms full of tumb plunder too desperate to care about the adventurers in the midst. The group pressed on towards the Greater Temple entrance in the Air Temple, only to find a massive door barricaded from the other side.
Kostadis Roussos: The wraith, malevolent undead creature feasting on the carnage of the ongoing war, watched them with gleaming amusement, taunting them with promises that their turn would come. When Kalmer began hammering at the seal door, a cold, disembodied voice
Kostadis Roussos: from within declared that the greater temple was sealed until the battle between the lesser temples had run its course.
Kostadis Roussos: laughed harder than ever, explaining that this was simply how things work. When the lesser temples tore each other apart, the greater temple locked its doors and waited, leaving everyone else trapped inside, like rats.
Kostadis Roussos: Seven specters materialized from the shadows, raised from the bodies of fallen Earth Temple soldiers, and the wraith reveled in his growing power. When the party asked to meet those truly in charge, the voice from behind offered only a chilling reply.
Kostadis Roussos: Survive the fight, and maybe you would get your chance. With no way forward, and a race growing bolder by the minute, the party made the wise decision to retreat to the first level before they became the next course.
Kostadis Roussos: In the words faced.
Kostadis Roussos: Earth Temple guards nearly loosed arrows at them before their leader recognized the group and ordered his men to stand down. The guards were haggard and shaken, and their message was urgent. Hartsch needed the party immediately. They found him at the temple, exhausted, bloodied, and barely holding himself together.
Kostadis Roussos: Surrounded by far fewer soldiers than there had been before. The muffled sounds of distant battle hung in the air as Hartsch looked to the party with desperate eyes, asking what they should do next.
Kostadis Roussos: The party studied him, urging patience and strategy over panic. After solemn deliberation, the plan took shape. They would launch a two-pronged attack on the Air Temple, with this party striking from one side and hearts from the other. Harts agreed to hold their position through the night and launch the assault come morning.
Kostadis Roussos: The party retired to their quarters in the Earth Temple, confident in the plan they had laid out. But when morning came, Hartsch was nowhere to be found. Only a note remained in his office, explaining that he had decided on a better plan, sending the broken blade mercenaries to attack the Water Temple instead.
Kostadis Roussos: Realizing the danger, the party immediately abandoned their air temple assault to go rescue Captain Dren and their mercenaries.
Kostadis Roussos: The party descended back to the second level to find their mercenaries passing the wraith once more. This time, they struck a grim bargain. They told the creature that the next attack would fall on the Water Temple, and the wraith, calculating and hungry, let them pass.
Kostadis Roussos: What they found on the other side was grim. Dren Halveth, the leader of the broken blades, grabbed the party by the arm with desperation in his eyes. Behind them, the surviving mercenary stared blankly at the carnage around them.
Kostadis Roussos: and sick with gores, the stench of death in the air. Harchson sent them into a slaughterhouse, and they were barely holding together. Dinya stepped forward and rallied them with fierce conviction, and the battered mercenaries, moved by his presence, pledged to fight on.
Kostadis Roussos: To return to the Earth Temple… actually, it was Zephyr, sorry. To return to the Earth Temple, the Broken Blades had to fight through the Wraith or navigate the combat zone between the Water or Fire Temples. The body decided it was time to deal with the Wraith. The mercenaries were meant to help, but Calmer realized that using his divine power and calling on St. Cuthbert might break his cover.
Kostadis Roussos: So the party told the Broken Blades to wait outside the air temple while they handled the end. Calmer strobe…
Kostadis Roussos: drove into the temper first, his divine power had already stirring behind him in a radiant aura that scorched the undead simply by proximity. Sequoia struck fast and hard, cutting down a spectre before it could react, and Zephyr followed with a devastating blow that felled another.
Kostadis Roussos: The wraith, furious, launched itself at Calmer, and struck him with a wave of an aquatic energy so severe that the cleric was left
Kostadis Roussos: barely standing, his body unable to then pat itself past the brink of death. Yet even in that dire state, Calmer refused to fall, with the specter
Kostadis Roussos: fought at him, he unleashed a burst of divine force that sent the creature hurtling back, shredding what little remained of it. Then, with a battle hanging on a knife's edge, Calmer called upon every ounce of the states and invoked the full power to sing comfort against the dead.
Kostadis Roussos: A blinding wave of divine energy swept the chamber. The wraith, the specters, nearly all of them were obliterated in an instant. It was the third time Calmer had attempted this feat, and the first time it had worked, and he made absolutely sure everyone knew it. Who's the man? he shouted into the smoldering silence. Who is the man?
Kostadis Roussos: Vinyas finished off the last living spectres with a series of precise strikes, and the passage was finally clear.
Kostadis Roussos: As the party regrouped and prepared to return to the first level, a panicked bugbear came stubbling into view, clutching a sack of coins.
Kostadis Roussos: In muttering about promises of safety and gold from Kelno of the Water Temple, it quickly became clear that the creature had been bribed to abandon his post and defect, and the party was not inclined toward mercy. Sir Koya ran him down and cut him apart before he could escape, standing over the body with a dry declaration. One does not simply take bribes to defect.
Kostadis Roussos: The coins recovered from the bugbear were stamped with Air Temple insignia.
Kostadis Roussos: Some gnolls had been the ones doing the bribing. Those very gnolls emerged moments later from the secret door, furious that their investment had been killed, and demanding restitution and blood.
Kostadis Roussos: Bren and his mercenaries, seeing that Calmer… was in no condition to fight physically, wrestled the protesting cleric away from the battle, despite his outrageous cries of, unhang me, you creatures. The three gnolls lunged at the remaining party members with savage hunger, one of them eyeing Zephyr with particular
Kostadis Roussos: Enthusiasm, and snarling about how long it had been since it had tasted seeds and flesh.
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr's response was simple and immediate. Come and get it. The fight was swift and brutal, with Sequoia and Zephyr working in lethal tandem to cut down all three Gnolls before they could do any real damage.
Kostadis Roussos: With Gnoll's dead and the secret door to the Air Temple now exposed, the party stood at a crossroads, the passage was open, but Calmer was gone, dragged to safety by Dren's mercenaries. Without a healer, pushing forward felt reckless. The party agreed that a Cronus' insession into the Air Temple might be possible, given their considerable talent for stealth.
Kostadis Roussos: But a full assault would have to wait until Calmer had recovered. The strategic picture, at least, shifted in their favor. The wraith was destroyed, the passage to the second level was open, and the Earth Temple had now two routes to press its advantage. The war was far from over, but for the first time.
Kostadis Roussos: The odds felt like they might be turning.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Remember this?
Kostadis Roussos: If you don't, hopefully this… hopefully it reminded you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me just get the file one more thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, don't we… Have to download something.
Kostadis Roussos: annoying.
Kostadis Roussos: It's very funny.
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm…
Kostadis Roussos: Excuse me, guys, sorry about this.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, we can do this. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so were we at?
Kostadis Roussos: Correct.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so as you recall, you were about to enter the Earth Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Boom.
Kostadis Roussos: Wants to go down this, wants to…
Kostadis Roussos: Who wants to, who wants to lead here?
Thomas Kolivakis: My lead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, is that for your leading?
Kostadis Roussos: The secret door, of course, is open, you've discovered it already, yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Discovered it a while ago.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Walk in.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Yeah, let me just try and let that… there goes… fuck up.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So,
Kostadis Roussos: There is a doorway and some stairs leading down, and there's a passageway to the northeast. The passageway leading down probably leads
Kostadis Roussos: To the lower temple, which is also probably barricaded, so that's something for you guys to think about.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well…
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Thomas Kolivakis: Did we want to make it to the lower temple?
Kostadis Roussos: Well… What you… so, remember… remember what the situation is.
Kostadis Roussos: The… the deeper temple is… wants this fight to end, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And so, it's up to you guys, but, like…
Kostadis Roussos: they're very determined for this fight to end, and given that your objective is fundamentally to kill… to destroy the temple, having them slaughter each other is not a bad outcome. Does that make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: It's a… it's a piece of information you might want to just…
Thomas Kolivakis: So how do we keep those tight corne?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, the good news is that you're the one, guys, who can keep the fight going because you have no,
Kostadis Roussos: You're the only guys who… well, the good news is, remember, these are all chaotic evil… chaotic evil, individuals, right? Those chaotic evil individuals, their main motivation is power, so pretty much all you have to do is let them keep fighting and periodically stab one in the back, and the battle… the battle ends. Does that make sense?
Thomas Kolivakis: Right, so let's find the… the action.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so, you're in the Air Temple, there's a passageway to the southeast, would you like to… southwest, rather. Would you like… would you like to explore it, or not? Let me just make a note.
Kostadis Roussos: Here, so that we have it, stairs going down.
Thomas Kolivakis: Let's go export.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you interested in exploring?
Kostadis Roussos: Who's in front?
Thomas Kolivakis: This time, calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer… Calmer is, not with you guys, it's just a dream.
Thomas Kolivakis: audio.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and… no, he's not dead. He's deeply injured, and he's been taken up by Dren Halveth for… so that he doesn't get himself killed.
Thomas Kolivakis: Where, I'll pick the league.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. One of the… one of Dren's mercenaries
Kostadis Roussos: Let's get a good right now.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm, let's see…
Kostadis Roussos: Amazing.
Nicholas Roussos: Ready?
Kostadis Roussos: Congratulations.
Kostadis Roussos: One of Dren's mercenaries is gonna come up with… is gonna come with you for backup.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's meet them.
Kostadis Roussos: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: So that you're not… he's basically… and with the orders to protect the boss.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, do you want to leave them here to protect the doorway so nobody comes in from behind, or…
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Because they're not… they're anything but stealthy, right? So they're sort of standing over here. I'll stand over here while Zephyr, you lead… you lead ahead. Nikoya, Zinnia, you guys also following?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on. My wife just walked into the…
Kostadis Roussos: Natasha just… Natasha just walked in, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you guys, still there? Okay. So,
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, sure, it's not there.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh!
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, you arrive at the edge of a curtain.
Kostadis Roussos: Who wants to peek inside?
Thomas Kolivakis: over here. I'll pick.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me peak.
Thomas Kolivakis: It's welcome.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, inside…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm just gonna put,
Kostadis Roussos: Fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you guys still hear me?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So inside, you see somebody sitting at a chair.
Kostadis Roussos: Over here.
Kostadis Roussos: And he looks at you and says, come, sit down, I've been waiting for you.
Thomas Kolivakis: Sit down.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna walk in?
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, Zinnia, you guys also gonna walk in?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the room itself, just to give you guys a visual of the room.
Kostadis Roussos: The entire room is gray, carpeting, plaster, wall hangings, furniture, and Spartan. The lamps of grayish metal on a small table and wall shelf dimly light the room. A pair of upholstered chairs are by the table.
Kostadis Roussos: On the table are some cuter dishes and a plain crock half-filled with mead.
Kostadis Roussos: The shelves hold some foodstuffs of screw scrolls and books, and several human and demi-human skulls. A narrow bed is in the northeast corner with a small stand beside it.
Kostadis Roussos: Oops.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, and so, the gentleman… the gentleman introduces himself. He goes, I am Kelno.
Nicholas Roussos: Hello, Kelno.
Kostadis Roussos: I took some notes here.
Kostadis Roussos: And I forgot to put them in the right folder, so of course I can find them.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Before you do something dramatic.
Kostadis Roussos: He… let me show you something. As you look at him, you realize he is, he's old. He's, like, very old for an evil cultist. And he also looks very tired, and he also looks very cunning.
Kostadis Roussos: And so he taps on a piece of paper.
Thomas Kolivakis: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: You got… do… Belsornig, Belsornig, that's the Water Temple Cleric, assassins reached Hartsch' antechamber an hour ago.
Kostadis Roussos: By tonight, your puppet is meat.
Kostadis Roussos: Aurim is on his tire as we speak, he won't last until the morning. That leaves me and both Belsornig, and most interestingly, you.
Kostadis Roussos: What's your reaction? Do you just sit there silently, or just kind of, like…
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, we sit there silently and menacingly.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: he appreciates your menace. He's like… he sees you guys and says, you guys are…
Kostadis Roussos: Because here is the part I think you have not let yourselves think yet.
Kostadis Roussos: When this war ends, and the great doors open.
Kostadis Roussos: Somebody is going to be standing on top of the upper temple, and whoever it is becomes the greater temple's new partner up here. That is going to be you. I have noted for a week.
Kostadis Roussos: So you can kill me.
Kostadis Roussos: I have the worst guards in the dungeon, and you have me, but then you walk into the greater temple alone with no air temple, no goblin eyes in the dark, no bribery what network network.
Kostadis Roussos: Or, you walk out of here with me as your number two. I run the Air Temple. Under you. My goblins are your goblins. My informants are your informants. You get the throne. I get to keep my office. We split nothing, because there is nothing to split. You are obviously the senior partner.
Kostadis Roussos: Belsornig is the problem, not me. Belsornig is going to kill Hartsch within the day. Already is already dead and doesn't know it. Kill Belsornig! Let me help you do it. After we talk to whoever opens. And after that, we talk to whoever opens that door.
Kostadis Roussos: together.
Nicholas Roussos: Y'all wanna take the deal?
george: We have to be suspicious of him.
george: I think we should take the… If you take a.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to look at the note, or do you want to just… do you want to read the note, or, like, he's pointing at a note.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he, opens up the, he shows you the note.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Telgar by the cannon of the crushing wave. That's what Belsornig likes to call himself.
Kostadis Roussos: To Telgar by my own seal. The Earth Pretender names himself Supreme Prophet, and sends mercenaries against my outposts. His authority is paper.
Kostadis Roussos: and him. Two men through the north service hall, while the guard is at the long table. Wait until he is alone in his chamber. Door bar should be unset. He barred at once, and was reminded not to insult his speakers. Be brief, take nothing. I expect confirmation. If the obsidian edge appear in your hall, withdraw to the steam corridors, and report. Do not engage. They are not to be killed.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Signed. Elsnor, Nick.
Nicholas Roussos: Are you trying to kill us?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that's Belsornig, not… that's the note that Belsornig… Right, right.
Kostadis Roussos: So… So that, that's the note that, Belsornig.
Kostadis Roussos: Halves, in front of him.
Thomas Kolivakis: Good, so he's…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me know.
Thomas Kolivakis: Against the temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's against the Temple?
Thomas Kolivakis: This guy.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Kelno… so, I mean, you can ask him, like, go ahead, ask him, like, ask him what his game is.
Thomas Kolivakis: Quart.
Thomas Kolivakis: Kelno.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Thomas Kolivakis: So… Are you for or against?
Thomas Kolivakis: The pimple.
Kostadis Roussos: Who knows?
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you and smiles.
Kostadis Roussos: What does that mean? Which temple? I, of course, swear loyalty to the power of earth… of the temples, of the power of the elemental forces. I, of course, swear loyalty to the power of air.
Thomas Kolivakis: So you're… you're for Chaos, or…
Thomas Kolivakis: For order.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I'm… I am for chaos, but I'm also for living.
Thomas Kolivakis: Mmm.
Kostadis Roussos: And the way I see… the way I see it is that you have a problem.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you, as you look at him, very confused. Who would explain to you what the consequence of starting this civil war was? Did they?
Thomas Kolivakis: What is the consequence?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wow.
Kostadis Roussos: The… the problem is…
Kostadis Roussos: that the Greater Temple doesn't want any one person to remain victorious. So what happens is that when out of the four prophets are killed, then they intervene.
Kostadis Roussos: So the question you have to ask yourself is who is going to be your second?
Kostadis Roussos: Hartsch? Are you going to go try to rescue him? Alren's already dead. Kill me?
Kostadis Roussos: Hartsch… Hartsch… hold up, Hartsch, do you really… or… or do you want to, or, or, or Belsornig? Those are your choices.
george: What?
Kostadis Roussos: You never asked what the rules were, did you?
Thomas Kolivakis: the rules.
Kostadis Roussos: You didn't even know there were rules.
Thomas Kolivakis: Literals.
Kostadis Roussos: The rules of the… the rules of the conflict.
Thomas Kolivakis: What happens when a conflict ends?
Kostadis Roussos: Again, the greater temple opens the doors, and whoever is on top manages… becomes the leader of the lesser temples.
Thomas Kolivakis: And who won the last competition?
Kostadis Roussos: That would have been the former head of the Earth Temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, so we must align ourselves with the victories.
Nicholas Roussos: We are the victors.
Kostadis Roussos: Hot?
Kostadis Roussos: That's what he's trying to tell you, is if you let hearts get killed.
Kostadis Roussos: and you let Romag get killed.
Kostadis Roussos: I happen to have a cleric that is pretending to be an earth cultist, so voila, you're the fourth group.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You could be… you could become… I'm just telling you, you could become in charge.
Kostadis Roussos: The most basic… So, just to be clear, Keller's motivation is that
Kostadis Roussos: You guys could probably kill him quickly, right?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: He's like a quintess… he's a quintessential survivor. He's been trying to survive under the covers.
Kostadis Roussos: He also knows a lot about what's going on, because nobody pays any attention to him.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, let's… Let's make this… let's do that plan.
Kostadis Roussos: To kill Belsornig… kill… kill Belsornig… Belsornig?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, so he goes, very well.
Kostadis Roussos: Next question is, how do I… how do we kill Belsornig's organic, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, Lorraine.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, I mean, you might ask him, for example.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, I'll ask him.
Kostadis Roussos: Just as a practical matter,
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Apparently, though, I do need that map, so give me one second.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Let's see…
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, let me just check.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry about those, guys, unfortunately.
Kostadis Roussos: I, did not,
Kostadis Roussos: Around…
Kostadis Roussos: The internet is not being our friend today.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you've decided we're giving up on Hartsch, we're gonna go let him get killed, and we're gonna go face Belsornig. To do that, you have to get through a couple of chambers.
Kostadis Roussos: He points out that Belsornig is probably past the Water Temple, the same area that… You guys…
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… No, no, no, no,
Kostadis Roussos: that, what's his name? Hartsch attacked earlier. Sorry, Dren sent…
Kostadis Roussos: Hartsch down, so you have to go through here.
Kostadis Roussos: through here… Turn through here.
Thomas Kolivakis: Here again.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, thanks.
Kostadis Roussos: Says you have to get into the water temple. Now, he says, the good news is the wa… what?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: He says he observes that the good news is the water temple currently is not
Kostadis Roussos: Heavily guarded, because the water temple is curr…
Kostadis Roussos: So this is as good a time as any to strike.
Thomas Kolivakis: We'll get, I cut up the mercenaries.
Kostadis Roussos: You call it the mercenaries, okay?
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, time.
Kostadis Roussos: So do you take that… are you taking the deal?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes, I'll take the deal.
Thomas Kolivakis: We won't kill you for his news.
Kostadis Roussos: You won't kill him? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty, so you take the deal?
Kostadis Roussos: Kelno is, very pleased. Kelno is very pleased, and says.
Kostadis Roussos: I think this is the beginning of a wonderful relationship.
Thomas Kolivakis: Mmm, yep.
george: True.
Kostadis Roussos: While you're looking around, do you guys look around to see if there's anything of interest, or something that you might, like, that sort of…
Kostadis Roussos: Scope around, see if there's anything else worthy of checking.
george: Yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: We're on here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: We're down the stairs?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, like, in the temp… in the area here.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, do you look around, or, like, do you look around in the room?
Kostadis Roussos: There's a door there.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll check around the room for doors.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, let me ask you a question. When I say check around, are you looking in your eyes, or are you basically telling Kelno we want to look around and see what else you have here to make sure there's nothing else going on that we need to know about?
Thomas Kolivakis: Kelno.
Thomas Kolivakis: You know, as a formality, since you're a new partner, I just wanna know…
Thomas Kolivakis: Do you have anything hiding around here?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so you're gonna look around, see… look around and see what he has?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yup.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you, you look around.
Kostadis Roussos: You find a ledger.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, on his desk.
Kostadis Roussos: And it's got, you know, payments to various people. I'll cut and paste these on a…
Kostadis Roussos: And then you notice…
Kostadis Roussos: That he has a little note that says, set out the second chair, and when you realize that Telmo's been waiting for you for 2 weeks.
Kostadis Roussos: Ever since you guys showed up, he's been sitting there waiting for you.
Thomas Kolivakis: Must have, like, atrophied or something.
Kostadis Roussos: Wood?
Thomas Kolivakis: I think his muscles must be gone. I was sitting.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, not literally waiting for you, you know what I mean.
Thomas Kolivakis: So he knew… he knew that we would start a war?
Thomas Kolivakis: And grow this.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he knew that you were a wild card that he could leverage. Does that make sense?
Thomas Kolivakis: To use the wise.
Thomas Kolivakis: But also safety, so we should not trust it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so he… the minute he saw you guys show up, the minute he saw you do what you did with Romag, the minute he saw you climbing up the power structure, he realized that you guys might be a solution to his problem.
Thomas Kolivakis: What's his problem? He's…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, his problem was that he was the weakest of the four temples, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, his problem was that as the weakest of the four temples, he was, like, in a position where he would… he was dangerously, you know, his was…
Kostadis Roussos: he was going to be, like, what's the word I'm looking for?
george: Good clue.
Kostadis Roussos: Killed. That's the word I'm looking for.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And because he was gonna be killed, he had a huge incentive, to,
Kostadis Roussos: to, what's the word I'm looking for?
Kostadis Roussos: To defend himself, to… to… to protect himself.
Kostadis Roussos: to find a way out of the situation of him being killed. And what was that? Well, the solution was, I'll just, I need to find a way
Kostadis Roussos: He wanted to not be one of the two clerics that got killed in a war. Does that make sense?
george: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And the problem was, everybody else
Kostadis Roussos: had had a long, permanent, like, you know, always discounted him in any war, right? So the plan was, you kill one of the top clerics, and then you kill
Kostadis Roussos: Combo.
Kostadis Roussos: Does that make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: So Elmo suddenly realized that you guys were new players, and said, hey, I could become a, I could… I could… there's a new plat… I could… maybe there is a way I could survive. Maybe I could get these guys to see the value in having me as a partner.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, but I'll tell… look, Kelno has troops because he controls it, right?
Kostadis Roussos: It has very few.
Thomas Kolivakis: Very few.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, well, I tell them, just post some guards, like, to make sure no one enters a water temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And so that you…
Thomas Kolivakis: Just so he can conduct your business with the owner.
Thomas Kolivakis: interruption.
Kostadis Roussos: So you can conduct your… you can conduct your business? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, just as you're… This is your going down here, Dren shows up.
Kostadis Roussos: He's, deposited, he's deposited, what's his name?
Kostadis Roussos: ballmer. He says, oh my god, that guy whines a lot.
Thomas Kolivakis: Which…
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer. Remember, he had taken Calmer upstairs?
Thomas Kolivakis: bias.
Kostadis Roussos: He's like, he, like, he won't shut up.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: He's a worrier at heart.
Kostadis Roussos: He's a worry at her? Okay, if you say so.
Kostadis Roussos: And by the… And then he sends to… then he says.
Thomas Kolivakis: Those are the things that we weren't.
Kostadis Roussos: Captain?
Kostadis Roussos: The captain, the captain? March is finished. Belsornig's people are at his door. He's screaming for you.
Kostadis Roussos: I'd say save them, but you didn't put me in charge of 3 companies… you didn't put me in charge of mercenaries, because I tell you what to do.
Kostadis Roussos: You tell me.
Thomas Kolivakis: Who's here.
Kostadis Roussos: Balern's on his pyre, Belsornig pulling his treasury out the south route.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll buy something.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Low, healthy, vulnerable, Your calls.
Thomas Kolivakis: They even be failed.
Kostadis Roussos: MB?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: So…
Kostadis Roussos: You enter into… So you enter into this area note, Dren says, sounds good, boss.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you want me to be doing?
Thomas Kolivakis: You should just… Well, come with us.
Thomas Kolivakis: Inside the water tank.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, hold on. Hold on. Dren currently represents the only person in this temple who might be loyal to you.
Kostadis Roussos: So… But him getting killed would… him getting killed would be bad, so probably what you want to do is have him be…
Kostadis Roussos: somewhere where he's guarding Calmer, or somewhere where he's not getting involved in all the fighting.
Thomas Kolivakis: You could stay here with, what's his name? What's Kelno?
Thomas Kolivakis: And called me.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer's upstairs, he says. Remember, Calmer? We took him…
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, cannot… oh, yeah, we were just kind of… Kilowatt.
Thomas Kolivakis: Maybe just… Oh, shit.
Kostadis Roussos: He was a mercenary.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Take your mercenaries and stay back? Alright, so…
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, take a vacationers.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, he's… Dren says, okay, boss.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh my god, so, so, alright, so come on, guys, takes those two guys, they head out.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You arrive at the Water Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: This huge footh hall, 40 by 90 feet, has an arched ceiling, some 30 feet overhead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The many buttresses and arches form a tracery of shadowy dimness. The ceiling's exact height is not discernible.
Kostadis Roussos: The floors and walls are covered in slabs of polished stone, apparently azerite malhite from the swirls of blue intermingled with deep green.
Kostadis Roussos: Some magic has evidently been placed here, for a soft, cloudy, greenish luminosity seeps from the walls on the floor, beamingly floating in the air, making the whole chambers appear as if deep water.
Kostadis Roussos: This impression is enhanced by the bronze doors, fountain, and other work. All are covered with verdigris. Verdigris is a kind of green rock, just in case you guys don't know. Even the damp air, right? Even the damp air seems to smell of the sea.
Kostadis Roussos: Several weird things in this place come to your immediate attention.
Kostadis Roussos: In the middle of the West.
Kostadis Roussos: Wall is a great sheet of bronze.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's get something off.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so,
Kostadis Roussos: It's over here, so it doesn't keep doing it distracted.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, there's a great… I'm just gonna mark these things down as you see them, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the sheet of bronze is on the right. Near the mid-portion of the hall, some…
Kostadis Roussos: 40 feet distant from the east wall, and 30 feet from the north wall.
Kostadis Roussos: is a bronze altar with many marine creatures sculpted in bas-relief upon its sides. It's about 4 feet high and round with a 10-foot diameter. Its top is concave, and a shallow basin, apparently about 2 feet deep, is filled with water. The bottom of the basin is filled with coins, a sprinkling of gems, and many seashells.
Kostadis Roussos: In the mouth of a 20-foot alcove south of the altar basin stands an idol or statue of serpentine stone.
Kostadis Roussos: Expertly sculpted to depict a writhing, amorphous conglomeration of fish, eels, octopi, and other marine monsters. The horrid thing is about 8 feet high and nearly as broad, the hole forming a globular mass standing about 4 feet from the altar basin. The alcove to its rear is 10 feet…
Kostadis Roussos: Deep, the back wall of which is covered by a drapery, apparently fashioned from seaweed and water.
Kostadis Roussos: Each of the corner hall is filled by a triangular plinth, filling it and extending about 20 feet upwards. Atop each of these columns is a gargoyle-like statue made of bronze and coated
Kostadis Roussos: With verdigris.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay? So…
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Thomas Kolivakis: Let's sneak in.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you sneak in?
george: Yes,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You sneak in. Alright, roll yourself.
george: Oops.
Kostadis Roussos: What is your role?
Thomas Kolivakis: I rule the… 22.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, everybody else?
george: I rolled… 19.
george: I think.
Kostadis Roussos: 19, right?
Kostadis Roussos: So, Nick… Sequoia?
Kostadis Roussos: The quota.
Kostadis Roussos: Nick?
Kostadis Roussos: Nicholas?
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, Nick dropped off. Hold on, why did he drop off?
Nicholas Roussos: Sorry, my internet just randomly crushed.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no problem.
Nicholas Roussos: I'm gonna turn off my video without… just… not… Yeah, no, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: internet… yeah, the internet suddenly went very bad. Sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: So there's a sheet of bronze, there is the obvious, like, alter your…
Nicholas Roussos: I agree.
Kostadis Roussos: And there is the curious statue over here.
Kostadis Roussos: And there's also the four pillars.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: with the gargoyles.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm assuming you're gonna touch nothing?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Not the time… not the time and place to, to, to pull for… to pull for treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, according to… Kelno, according to your, to your information, informants.
Kostadis Roussos: The bad guys are through that doorway. There's a doorway to the east and a doorway to the west. Which one do you want to take?
Kostadis Roussos: Well… I'm gonna go down the passage.
Thomas Kolivakis: But I'd rather not go into many different rooms, so I should just go to the west.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just gonna go to the west? Alright, you're gonna open… peek inside?
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, maybe put my ear to the door, and if I don't hear anything, like, burst up.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm…
Kostadis Roussos: Let's check here…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you're gonna burst into… into there, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Boot.
Kostadis Roussos: Q.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's do something.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, shit. Alright, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna have to call…
Kostadis Roussos: Can we just drop off Zoom for 2 minutes? I'm gonna have to drop off… can we all drop off of Zoom for 2 minutes, so I can download the module, because I can't get the information, and it's not downloading.
Kostadis Roussos: Just everybody drop… turn off their… just drop… dial back in, like, 2 minutes, alright?
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You get the… You get the advantage, of… the…
Kostadis Roussos: When is it? What is the advantage you get? You get… you get the following advantages. The… the good guys…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so if you, if you attack, if you, if you, if you get advantage, and surprise.
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr, because he's an assassin, gets an automatic critical.
Kostadis Roussos: So the question is, how do you guys want to try to surprise them? Do you want, like, splashing in the door is not a bad way to try to surprise somebody.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying, is that what you want to do? Do you want to try something else? Like, how do you guys want to try to survive this?
Nicholas Roussos: Mash in the door.
Kostadis Roussos: You gonna smash on the door?
george: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, gonna go for the, the, the…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, sounds like a plan. All right, roll your,
Kostadis Roussos: Now, you look at the door, and it's, does anybody… what's your strength?
Thomas Kolivakis: My strength?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Thomas Kolivakis: It's a solid…
george: F plus 3 in string.
Thomas Kolivakis: minus 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Minus one. Alright, what's your strength, Sequoia?
Nicholas Roussos: About that as well.
Kostadis Roussos: And what about yours, Zinnia?
george: Let's do it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Zinnia, it looks like you're gonna be smashing in the door.
george: That's.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, oh.
george: I rolled a 7.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so what happens is, okay, is anybody gonna try to help them?
Nicholas Roussos: Duh?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll again, Zinnia.
george: Serving a kid.
Kostadis Roussos: 7, again.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, well, what happens is you bounce… you bounce against the door. The two guys behind the door are now
Kostadis Roussos: Convinced something's going on. They shout.
Kostadis Roussos: They, they shout a name which is muffled, and ask.
Kostadis Roussos: You're not supposed to be here? Who is this?
Nicholas Roussos: Housekeeping!
george: We could pretend we're the, like, informants or something?
Kostadis Roussos: informants? I mean, there's a war going on, you could pretend to be messengers, you could pretend.
Thomas Kolivakis: Boyd.
george: Yeah, excuse me.
Thomas Kolivakis: We are messengers for Kelno.
Thomas Kolivakis: Leader of the.
Kostadis Roussos: Messages from Kelno was probably not a good thing, right? You do know that there was the assassination attempt on Hartsch, you know that there's all of them, you know all sorts of information, right? So you could use any of that to, like, bluff your way in there.
george: commission on, what's the name? The guy who's why I murdered.
Kostadis Roussos: on.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you do? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: They pause, it goes, yes, and what is it?
george: That's a letter. We have to coin to show it.
Kostadis Roussos: to the big boss, right? Belsornig is the big boss, right?
george: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: She's dead, then with Alremm dying, and those fools…
Kostadis Roussos: All that remains is for us to defeat those pompous passes known as the obsidian Edge.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you say anything.
george: as well.
Kostadis Roussos: So they open the door.
george: Yeah, can we attack now, you have to suppress.
Kostadis Roussos: Given how well you role-played this, yes, you have surprise.
Kostadis Roussos: I need to just put the NPCs on the door, on the board.
Kostadis Roussos: Of course, when they see Hugo, they go.
Kostadis Roussos: You're not the, what's the word I'm looking for?
Nicholas Roussos: Messenger.
Kostadis Roussos: But you are… you are… And does anybody want to say it?
Kostadis Roussos: the Obsidian Edge?
Thomas Kolivakis: And I…
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna…
Kostadis Roussos: Can you see, Cult Fanatic 1 and 2?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, cool. Alright, initiatives.
Kostadis Roussos: Daniel, what's your initiative?
Kostadis Roussos: Zinnia?
Kostadis Roussos: George?
george: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Initiative. Initiative.
george: Where do you want?
Kostadis Roussos: 21?
george: Yep.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh god.
Nicholas Roussos: before.
Thomas Kolivakis: My initiative is… 24.
Thomas Kolivakis: 16.
Thomas Kolivakis: Preserved.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so Zephyr is 16.
Kostadis Roussos: And Sequoia.
Kostadis Roussos: 24, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And,
Kostadis Roussos: Fantastic.
Kostadis Roussos: National League.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, their initiative is 12, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Nice.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, you're up first.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, just so you know, they have an armor class of 13, And.
Nicholas Roussos: Go on.
Nicholas Roussos: 3? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold, no, no, no, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: They weren't entirely stupid.
Kostadis Roussos: So they did… and it is a war zone, so they had… Precast, spiritual weapon.
Kostadis Roussos: So, just be aware of that. All right, Nick, go.
Kostadis Roussos: Cult fanatic number one.
Nicholas Roussos: They're not.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Nicholas Roussos: Well, that missed?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, for how much damage?
Nicholas Roussos: And it, let me roll the door.
Nicholas Roussos: 11… Plus… 2.
Nicholas Roussos: 13… Plus 17 for the first attack?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, okay. For the second attack, you mean?
Nicholas Roussos: So… Yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: I'll tell you the damage, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Nicholas Roussos: No, that's not… And then 9 for the second.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Zinnia, you're up. The masked monk.
Kostadis Roussos: Who do you attack, number 1 or number 2?
george: Which one's lower right now?
Kostadis Roussos: Number 1 is the one that, Nicholas attacked.
george: Well done, Kim.
george: What's zero.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: 13s?
george: Are you setting up with the damage? I'll use my bonus attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
george: I do 20, 20… so I do 27 points of damage total.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you killed him. Alright, Zephyr, you're up.
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr?
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, sorry.
Thomas Kolivakis: alright. I have sneak attack, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you do?
Thomas Kolivakis: So, come in, 6, 17 to hit, and it's good.
Kostadis Roussos: Don't forget, it's an automatic critical, because you have a surprise.
Thomas Kolivakis: Automatic critical.
Thomas Kolivakis: So I do double the damage?
Kostadis Roussos: an effect.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: It happens on a… when they get surprise and hit, it's an automatic critical, that's their special ability.
Thomas Kolivakis: 12, and it's 46.
Thomas Kolivakis: I think.
Kostadis Roussos: How much damage?
Thomas Kolivakis: So, in total… 30.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's still alive.
Thomas Kolivakis: Where my second hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
Thomas Kolivakis: I hit again, 4… This was not a critical, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, that's…
Kostadis Roussos: Or is it a sneak attack bonus? It's just a normal attack.
Thomas Kolivakis: 8 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, and so now, because this is your surprise round, Sequoia, Europe.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: I'll move in and attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Nicholas Roussos: It…
Nicholas Roussos: For 16 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, and you killed him.
Nicholas Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so now you have to… now the next step is to go… is down here is where Belsornig is. I forgot to tell you something.
Kostadis Roussos: Hell no, after you took the deal to go kill, Belsornig, handed you a dagger of venom.
Thomas Kolivakis: Why?
Kostadis Roussos: He said… he said, I've been saving this to kill those Belsornig for some time. If you wouldn't mind doing me the honors to do… to do the, to do the deed?
Nicholas Roussos: I call it a dagger.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, I'll give it to you. Take it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, take the dagger? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so now let me get those warnings. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Inside, you, you go inside.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And there is, Belsornig.
Kostadis Roussos: And let me just read to you what he's doing.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Belsornig is currently very much preoccupied. He's paid no attention, and the fact that you killed his henchmen so quickly means that he doesn't… he's not expecting anything. So, this is an opportunity for you guys to, again, try to smite him.
Kostadis Roussos: You have surprise, as long as you don't completely botch yourself… your stealth roles.
Thomas Kolivakis: So…
Kostadis Roussos: The role yourself.
Thomas Kolivakis: He's here.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, you know it's right here, but…
Kostadis Roussos: No, he doesn't. He doesn't… He didn't… he's, like, he's, like, looking at… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what you rolled for stealth?
Nicholas Roussos: 26.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, net 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, dude, you, yeah, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, walk through, you could, yeah, he hears nothing. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Zinnia?
Kostadis Roussos: Your turn.
george: recent.
george: 18?
george: I can't really see the Rule 20.
george: Or…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, well… You are right here. Are you on Rule 20, or are you not on Rule 20?
george: I just loaded in a casino.
george: Okay, good, good, good.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. So just, you need… I need you to roll yourself, that's all.
george: Yeah, 18.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you guys managed to, okay, so let me just scroll…
Kostadis Roussos: And this guy's initiative is what?
Kostadis Roussos: 14.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia.
Kostadis Roussos: You're up first.
Nicholas Roussos: I am, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Charge right in?
Kostadis Roussos: Are you gonna charge right in? Is that the… wait, hold on, I'm just going with the previous initiative order. Is that okay with folks?
Nicholas Roussos: Yay!
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, it just means.
Nicholas Roussos: Do we get.
Kostadis Roussos: three of you.
Nicholas Roussos: They're getting my sneak attack bonus now?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, because you have advantage.
Nicholas Roussos: Cool.
Nicholas Roussos: Heh…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: It's got an armor class of 16, just be aware of that.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, I know I hit. For… 18 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: Boy… Yeah, 18.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: It… Wait, let me just see if I got a critical test.
Nicholas Roussos: But… Yo, stop rolling 300 times.
Nicholas Roussos: Thank you. Sorry.
Nicholas Roussos: For 8 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: 8 points of damage?
Nicholas Roussos: And a miss. So, 26 in total.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Zinnia, you're up.
george: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: I presume you're gonna do the charge and slap?
george: Yeah.
george: What's your amicus?
Kostadis Roussos: Is Armor Class of 16.
george: do…
george: Incinerate.
george: I do, 15% damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Omer?
george: I didn't use my bonus.
Kostadis Roussos: This is a… This is a good time to use your bonus.
Kostadis Roussos: guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he's a big guy.
george: I do…
george: Alright, 20, 26… I used 30 extra points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: In addition to the previous 16?
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Zephyr, you're up.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: Sorry.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll deliver the killing blow.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, go for it.
Thomas Kolivakis: What is AC?
Kostadis Roussos: 16.
Thomas Kolivakis: I missed the first.
Thomas Kolivakis: I make the second, can I still have Sneak Attack? I have listed first.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, hold on, hold on. Any one of your attacks can have the sneak attack bonus, does that make sense?
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So it's not the first attack, it's any attack gets the sneak attack bonus. That's why rogues tend to fight dual-handed, because they get two chances at the sneak attack bonus. Does that make sense?
Thomas Kolivakis: 31 damage?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, don't forget, it's a critical if… because you have surprise.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, that's with the clear goal, and for my final hit.
Thomas Kolivakis: 38 total.
Kostadis Roussos: 38 total, so… right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you guys did a staggering amount of damage in one round.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Sequoia, you're up again.
Thomas Kolivakis: Not gonna do anything?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you guys got some prize, it's your turn, remember?
Thomas Kolivakis: So, use that, basically.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Sequoia.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, Lil, let me finish this off.
Nicholas Roussos: Hit.
Nicholas Roussos: 17 points of damage.
Nicholas Roussos: Nope, I… Alright, myth.
Kostadis Roussos: What? Alright, you missed? That's it. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Zinnia, you're up.
george: Okay.
george: Alright, dude.
george: Temporary finish?
Kostadis Roussos: 10 points of damage, alright, he's down to 1 hit point.
george: I'll just leave.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that… did you do anything, or is that it?
george: I'll just leave them there.
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr, you, Zephyr, do you want to take the, poison dagger from, what's his name, and stab him?
Kostadis Roussos: Fathom?
Kostadis Roussos: From Sequoia?
Thomas Kolivakis: Maybe we should keep him alive? No? Skim?
Nicholas Roussos: No, let's just kill him.
Thomas Kolivakis: Look, I'll take the poison deck step.
Kostadis Roussos: You take the… you're gonna take the poison dagger and try to kill him with it? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Stayed for Kelno?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Or for… or for hearts. Or for…
Kostadis Roussos: Or for, I don't know.
Thomas Kolivakis: and Dagger? Okay, maybe… Wait, is it a… Powerful poison?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's powerful poison, I mean, I don't know how powerful it is.
Thomas Kolivakis: Gold.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, didn't say how.
Kostadis Roussos: How powerful it was.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, this guy's died, so I don't… It's useless to use it.
Thomas Kolivakis: I just killed.
Kostadis Roussos: You're not gonna cut.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you kill him with your dagger. Roll, roll to hit.
Thomas Kolivakis: Edge… 8 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you killed him.
Thomas Kolivakis: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: And just as you kill him, you hear… a gong.
Kostadis Roussos: Throughout the second level.
Thomas Kolivakis: Are they opening the door?
Kostadis Roussos: And it is… Unfortunately, time for us to end, but that you hear a gong.
Kostadis Roussos: And you hear… and that's all you hear, so what would you like to do?
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to stay here, or do you want to… You wanna hide?
Thomas Kolivakis: Started heading towards the second lane.
Nicholas Roussos: What does it mean?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, we don't know, but we should be there.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to be, like… alright, so where do you want to go?
Thomas Kolivakis: Second level.
Kostadis Roussos: We are in the second level, remember.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: The second level, this is the one.
Kostadis Roussos: The first level is where your hideout is. This is the doorway that you know goes down to the Greater Temple. That's another doorway, which you know that goes down to the Greater Temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: in the middle?
Kostadis Roussos: So, could you put your character where you want it to be, so I know where it is.
Thomas Kolivakis: Like, here?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you're going over there, alright?
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: A collection of bugbeers.
Kostadis Roussos: Show up, dressed all in black.
Kostadis Roussos: Show up walking upstairs.
Kostadis Roussos: And they look at you, and they say… and they gruffly announce that Barkinar
Kostadis Roussos: Which is to speak to the new rulers of the Upper Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you say?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes, we will go see him.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, no, he goes, he will see you.
Kostadis Roussos: And then they look around. Where is the cleric?
Thomas Kolivakis: I will summon him.
Thomas Kolivakis: years.
Kostadis Roussos: He is.
Thomas Kolivakis: Interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, one of them goes.
Kostadis Roussos: The cleric is in charge, of course.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes, but he is, he's hurt, but he will be fine.
Kostadis Roussos: It will be fine. All right, and we will… and then the other bugbear says.
Kostadis Roussos: Looks at you stiffly, and then what you realize is a whole bunch more bug beers show up.
Thomas Kolivakis: Hello.
Kostadis Roussos: They show up on the… from the, like, so you have bug beers, just to give you guys an idea, because I don't want to, like, start trying to draw icons, because it's going to take forever to load.
Kostadis Roussos: So you have bugbeers dressed in black, coming in from the secret door.
Kostadis Roussos: the eastern door and the western door.
Thomas Kolivakis: Are you hungry?
Kostadis Roussos: What do you mean? Are you hungry?
Thomas Kolivakis: Would you like some meat?
Kostadis Roussos: Hospital.
Thomas Kolivakis: Totally.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so… So, the Roland Insight check.
Kostadis Roussos: Zinnia? Is that her role as a choir role?
Thomas Kolivakis: 26.
Kostadis Roussos: You roll it, you roll the 26. So what you… what you intuit, Zephyr is that…
Kostadis Roussos: the Earth Temple didn't just have forces… the Greater Temple didn't just have forces below, but they had forces on this level as well.
Thomas Kolivakis: I just didn't see them.
Kostadis Roussos: You didn't see them.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you probably can guess where they are, because they're in the parts of the maps you haven't explored.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And just so that we leave on a true climate, on a true,
Kostadis Roussos: A few minutes later, after, you know, you guys are… after 2 minutes after that…
Kostadis Roussos: First of all, congratulations. This was definitely the most surprising of all of the Mott versions of this adventure I've ever done.
Thomas Kolivakis: They don't usually go the same way every time, or…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, this is, like, literally the first time I've ever done it this way.
Kostadis Roussos: I've done this adventure, like, 5 times, and this was definitely the most… the most different.
Kostadis Roussos: Nobody ever figures out how to start a war.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you got… you guys actually figured out how to start a war. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And what I wasn't counting on was, you guys not only figured out how to start a war, but you also managed to grow up, like, everybody else who starts the war.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Barkinar are watching… you hear a voice.
Kostadis Roussos: That was efficient.
Kostadis Roussos: Come down, bring your puppet master if he is alive. We should talk.
Kostadis Roussos: You hear the voice from the stairs going down? Do you wish to go down?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you enter into a large room, there's a hill giant there.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a bunch of…
Kostadis Roussos: tables, and there's a bunch of, doors, and there's, you know, you get the impression that this is not the place where if you were to have a fight, you would not survive, right? So just to make clear.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
george: bet.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Next to you is Kelno.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, well, either Kelno is brought there by the bug beer, so, like, Kelno shows up, it's you and Kelno.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, And so, the guy says.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, well, well. Romag. Hartsch. Alremm. Belsornig.
Kostadis Roussos: Problems I had on a list yesterday morning, and 4 problems gone by sundown.
Kostadis Roussos: You will forgive me if I'm impressed. That is not the sort of efficiency the Greater Temple is used to seeing from the upper levels.
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: Some practical matters. The upper temple is yours now. There are leaderless cultists in the Fire Temple, trolls on contract in the Water Temple, treasury unaccounted for, mercenaries who need a chain of command.
Kostadis Roussos: There's also a chest, the one you delivered to Romag that the Greater Temple has interest in. None of this is urgent in the sense that it will bird you alive
Kostadis Roussos: Tomorrow. And when he says that tomorrow, you could sense real threat.
Kostadis Roussos: All of it is urgent in the sense that the upper temple should look organized when I come back through…
Kostadis Roussos: these steps.
Kostadis Roussos: Back, you know, sort of doing that.
Kostadis Roussos: Shall we stay in a week? One other thing. There are other people downstairs you will want to be careful, and one or two you might want to actually meet. Senshock, our Lord Wizard, has opinions about new arrivals.
Kostadis Roussos: He is ambitious and paranoid. He is also useful. Be civil, and let him underestimate you. Falrynth is a wizard who has been hiding from the Greater Temple for reasons of his own. We could talk about Falrinth later. For now, organize your house. We'll be in touch.
Thomas Kolivakis: but…
Kostadis Roussos: And then… And then before you can say anything, he wa- he turns.
Kostadis Roussos: Says something quiet to one of the ogre… one of his ogre's bodyguards, and walks back down.
Kostadis Roussos: Walks away from you.
Kostadis Roussos: So, once you've established, what's happened is you've been promoted, Congratulations.
Kostadis Roussos: You're, you're, you're, you're welcome to management.
Kostadis Roussos: You have a week before the next check-in.
Kostadis Roussos: And you've got a bunch of stuff you have to do in the next week. Does that make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: Or else… Upper… otherwise, the deeper temple might be… upper management might be unhappy with you.
Nicholas Roussos: Cool.
Kostadis Roussos: Does that make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: Congratulations! This was definitely the most surprising of all of the outcomes I've ever done in this adventure. Have you guys had fun playing it? I had fun running it.
Thomas Kolivakis: Dude.
Nicholas Roussos: ain't.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, cool. Alright, so now… so now you're… you're… now you're the bosses.
Kostadis Roussos: You're the… you know, you now have to worry about murder hobo adventurers showing up and killing you.
Thomas Kolivakis: Whoa.
Thomas Kolivakis: Because…
Nicholas Roussos: I mean, wasn't her goal to take down the temple?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, now I'm kind of…
Kostadis Roussos: So you guys have suddenly become the bosses of the parts of the evil temple, you know?
Thomas Kolivakis: Maybe we'll let the evil take over.
Nicholas Roussos: as we go.
Kostadis Roussos: And you've got a cleric who's starting to have delusions of evil.
Thomas Kolivakis: I might turn chaotic evil, we'll see.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: Tiny, tiny.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Thomas Kolivakis: By the way.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody gains a level. Everybody gains a level.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So,
Kostadis Roussos: We'll, either do that this… try to do it over the week, if not, we'll do it next week, first thing.
Nicholas Roussos: Right.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, bye.
george: But…